README.md, before:

<img src="./flameCoach.png?raw=true" />

## flame-coach-web
Web code for Flame Coach Application

## Description
This is the frontend source of Flame Coach. Code uses [flame-coach-service] to retrieve the information 
to expose into the website. If you want to develop a new feature you must write the core code in the [flame-coach-service].

Flame Coach frontend uses reactj and nextjs as the core framework, which means the code is in Javascript (ES6).

## Compile 🏗️
It's easy to compile and use the Flame Coach Web. 
Keep in mind you will need to run a backend instance in your local computer (find how [here](https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-service/blob/master/README.md#run-%EF%B8%8F)). 
The project uses package.json to manage dependencies, also, there you can find scripts that will help you to compile, build and run the application.

To compile the application please run the following command:
```
yarn install
```

## Run ▶️
To run the web application, please use the following command:
```
yarn run dev
```

## Release & Deploy 🚀
Please use the following project [flame-coach-tools] to create a new release.
If you need access to the project, please open an issue to request access.
```
Release:
e.g: ./flame-coach-tools --release --releaseVersion <version> --snapshotVersion <version-snapshot> --web/api

Deploy:
e.g: ./flame-coach-tools --api/web --deploy --version <version>
```

## Contributing ✍️
Pull requests are welcome. Please check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-web/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to find the best way to contribute.

## Authors and acknowledgment
I'm waiting for you 🤟

## License
This opensource project is under the following license: [MIT]

[flame-coach-tools]: https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-tools
[flame-coach-service]: https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-service
[mit]: https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/

Commit message:

added -How to Submit a Bug- inside README.md, Also, changed typo pacient -> patient inside CONTRIBUTING.MD

README.md, after:

<img src="./flameCoach.png?raw=true" />

## flame-coach-web
Web code for Flame Coach Application

## Description
This is the frontend source of Flame Coach. Code uses [flame-coach-service] to retrieve the information 
to expose into the website. If you want to develop a new feature you must write the core code in the [flame-coach-service].

Flame Coach frontend uses reactj and nextjs as the core framework, which means the code is in Javascript (ES6).

## Compile 🏗️
It's easy to compile and use the Flame Coach Web. 
Keep in mind you will need to run a backend instance in your local computer (find how [here](https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-service/blob/master/README.md#run-%EF%B8%8F)). 
The project uses package.json to manage dependencies, also, there you can find scripts that will help you to compile, build and run the application.

To compile the application please run the following command:
```
yarn install
```

## Run ▶️
To run the web application, please use the following command:
```
yarn run dev
```

## Release & Deploy 🚀
Please use the following project [flame-coach-tools] to create a new release.
If you need access to the project, please open an issue to request access.
```
Release:
e.g: ./flame-coach-tools --release --releaseVersion <version> --snapshotVersion <version-snapshot> --web/api

Deploy:
e.g: ./flame-coach-tools --api/web --deploy --version <version>
```

## How to Submit a bug
1. Make sure that you describe the issue/bug as detailed as possible.  
2. If possible, it would help if you posted pictures or error logs.     
3. How did you encounter the bug? Can we recreate the problem? Do you have any possible solutions?  
4. Have you tried solving the bug? If so, then please share so that all future devs don't have to repeat the process!  
   - Collaborated w/ [Michael Brunette](https://github.com/mcbrunette33)


## Contributing ✍️
Pull requests are welcome. Please check the [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-web/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) to find the best way to contribute.

## Authors and acknowledgment
I'm waiting for you 🤟

## License
This opensource project is under the following license: [MIT]

[flame-coach-tools]: https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-tools
[flame-coach-service]: https://github.com/FlameNutrition/flame-coach-service
[mit]: https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/
